Here's what to expect
from your first Rinse.
To get started,
create your account at rinse.com
or on the mobile app.
Then tell us
what day you want your Valet
to pick up your first load of laundry.
We can even pick up the same day
you sign up.
Remember,
you wear the pants in this relationship.
We just wash them.
On the day of your first Rinse,
you'll get a text message
from your Valet,
letting you know what time
they'll arrive.
Make sure your clothes are ready
to go in a hamper or pile
because your Valet will bring
your brand new Wash and Fold
Rinse bag for you to put your clothes in.
It's like the Rinse Carlton.
Rinse will take it from here
so you can go do whatever cool people do
with their free time.
While you're busy doing you
Rinse will carefully inspect,
wash, fold, and deliver
your laundry
in as little as 24 hours,
all while keeping
you updated along the way.
The only thing you have to do
is put away
your clean,
fantastic smelling,
neatly folded laundry.
If you'd like to try our dry
cleaning or hang dry services,
just let us know via text or the app.
Your dry cleaning will come back
cleaned, pressed,
and returned on a hanger
and your hang dry clothes,
which is a perfect option
for delicates, will be returned
neatly folded.
If you can't be home to meet your Valet,
you can always opt for person-less
pickup, or delivery,
or easily reschedule.
The next time you schedule
your Rinse pick up
you’ll only have to press one button
and then you can whip out
your cool new Rinse bags.
Start with Rinse today
to take a load off your mind.